everyone this is Joshua Serrano I'm
recording this video for my research
project on Roman architecture the
project is for the class ancient
humanities into classical humanities 20
to 20 with a professor pile so the first
thing I want to show is what's called
post and mental this is actually a Greek
style of architecture that has two
pillars and it has a beam going across
the top the reason is the Romans the
reason the Romans didn't care for that
as much was the too much stress the
middle of the beam would break so they
tried doing arches arches were great
because it takes the stress and the
weight from the top of the root and it
pulls it down all the way to the bottom
of the foundation so it evenly
distributes the stress throughout any
cracking or breaking they used it in
different designs so you have arches
that are put one after the other and are
wrong roads make this is called a barrel
or a tunnel vault you will see has extra
thick walls in societies we call
buttresses this helps prevent any
structure problems like cracking
breaking that just adds more stability
to it over here we have a groin vault
and here you have arches and a quarter
right angles to each other and it
creates almost like an intersection of
sorts for different tunnels another
thing they put is concrete concrete was
never used before the Romans they
invented it it was cheaper to produce
that set quite cross set quicker and
much easier to set in place they used
all these to protect meats and many
different on buildings but I think one
of the most famous buildings to ever
built using these techniques was the
Pantheon
the Pantheon shows many different types
of techniques they did use post and
lintel for different parts of it as you
can see the front foyer area used to
poke some lentil the reason they could
do this is because it only supports the
roof it actually does not support the
dome at all so if you use it using
pillars and makes it look very pretty
and so I will go through the other
techniques used
if you look around you can see some more
pillars this is more emotional until use
on parts of the wall but it does not
support the entire wall itself it just
adds to the support if you look straight
up we have the dome the dome is actually
a 360 degree arch which adds much
stability and it's also made out of
concrete so they're able to make it more
cheaper and more efficiently the style
of the dome because it's 360 degree arch
actually takes all the stress and
distributes it all the way down to the
foundations of the Pantheon which one of
the reasons why it still survives it
still lasts and right now if you look
closer at the sides you could see the
arches of the developers that comes from
Cornero arches and little own inventions
in here the Pantheon was actually
decorated multiple different times
depending on the timeframe
I think the Renaissance age actually had
the most decorated the most art and then
had many statues and tombs and what not
couldn't actually build statues a little
bit bad in the platform but this is
where these statues will be located you
have some of different Caesars different
Romans emperors and things like that
it's a great place I'd say one of the
only problems with the Pantheon is
you'll notice it does have a sky open
and at the top of the dome that lets in
air it lets in sunlight the only problem
is when it rains not good but this is
the only downfall I can really see about
the Pentagon otherwise it is a truly a
marvel of the ancient world so I hope
this helps demonstrate some of the
different techniques used by the Romans
from opposing mental with many different
varying degrees arches they also have
concrete and these are all used very
very well a lot of times people think
that we're much more advanced than other
civilizations in some extent that's true
but they were very advanced for the time
as well so I think we can learn a lot
from the Romans thank you all very much
watching
you